#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.cdk.in
#
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   jsii
aws-cdk.assets==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
aws-cdk.aws-acmpca==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-msk
aws_cdk.aws_apigateway==1.140.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.cdk.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws_cdk.aws_apigatewayv2==1.140.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.cdk.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations==1.140.0
    # via -r requirements.cdk.in
aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets==1.140.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws_cdk.aws_certificatemanager==1.140.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.cdk.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation==1.140.0
    # via aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws_cdk.aws_cloudfront==1.140.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.cdk.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-deployment
aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler==1.140.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-codestarnotifications==1.140.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-sns
aws-cdk.aws-cognito==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb==1.140.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
aws-cdk.aws-ec2==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-python
    #   aws-cdk.aws-msk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-deployment
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-ecr==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-ecs==1.140.0
    # via -r requirements.cdk.in
aws_cdk.aws_efs==1.140.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.cdk.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-deployment
aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch==1.140.0
    # via -r requirements.cdk.in
aws-cdk.aws-events==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
aws-cdk.aws-globalaccelerator==1.140.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-iam==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-msk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-deployment
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-kinesis==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
aws_cdk.aws_kms==1.140.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.cdk.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-msk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
aws-cdk.aws-lambda==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-python
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-deployment
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.lambda-layer-awscli
aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources==1.140.0
    # via -r requirements.cdk.in
aws-cdk.aws-lambda-python==1.140.0
    # via -r requirements.cdk.in
aws-cdk.aws-logs==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-msk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-deployment
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-msk==1.140.0
    # via -r requirements.cdk.in
aws-cdk.aws-rds==1.140.0
    # via -r requirements.cdk.in
aws_cdk.aws_route53==1.140.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.cdk.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
aws_cdk.aws_route53_targets==1.140.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.cdk.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws_cdk.aws_s3==1.140.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.cdk.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.aws-msk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-deployment
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
aws_cdk.aws_s3_assets==1.140.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.cdk.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-deployment
aws-cdk.aws-s3-deployment==1.140.0
    # via -r requirements.cdk.in
aws_cdk.aws_s3_notifications==1.140.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.cdk.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
aws-cdk.aws-sam==1.140.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.aws-msk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-signer==1.140.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-sns==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
aws-cdk.aws-sqs==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
aws-cdk.aws-ssm==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions==1.140.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
aws-cdk.core==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-acmpca
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-python
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-msk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-deployment
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.lambda-layer-awscli
aws-cdk.custom-resources==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk.aws-msk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
aws-cdk.cx-api==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.core
aws-cdk.lambda-layer-awscli==1.140.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-s3-deployment
aws-cdk.region-info==1.140.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.core
awscli==1.22.46
    # via -r requirements.cdk.in
boto3==1.20.43
    # via -r requirements.cdk.in
botocore==1.23.46
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cattrs==1.10.0
    # via jsii
colorama==0.4.3
    # via awscli
constructs==3.3.200
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-acmpca
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-python
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-msk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-deployment
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.lambda-layer-awscli
docutils==0.15.2
    # via awscli
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsii==1.52.1
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-acmpca
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-python
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-msk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-deployment
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
    #   aws-cdk.lambda-layer-awscli
    #   aws-cdk.region-info
    #   constructs
publication==0.0.3
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-acmpca
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-dynamodb
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-event-sources
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-python
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-msk
    #   aws-cdk.aws-rds
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-deployment
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
    #   aws-cdk.lambda-layer-awscli
    #   aws-cdk.region-info
    #   constructs
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via rsa
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   jsii
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.base.in
    #   awscli
rsa==4.7.2
    # via awscli
s3transfer==0.5.0
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   boto3
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
typing-extensions==4.0.1
    # via jsii
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via botocore
